Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

In the Cafe class, I decided to overload the constructor and the sellCoffee and restock methods. By choosing to overload the constructor, I made it so that a cafe can be built without initially needing cups, coffee, sugar, or cream. The constructor will buy ingredients if this new overloaded contructor is used. I overloaded the sellCoffee method to add a default coffee option. Some customers might not know what to order, and will simply just order a coffee. I had to make a new restock method to deal with the new sellCoffee method. I overloaded the isResident, moveIn, and moveOut methods in the House class. I first overloaded isResident to have two string parameters to check if a pair of people live in a house together. I overloaded moveIn and moveOut by changing the parameter to an array of strings and looping through the array to move out and in more than one person at a time. In the Library class, I overloaded the returnBook and checkOut methods. Similar to the methods I changed in the House class, I also changed the parameters of both methods to be an array of strings so that you can return and check out multiple books at a time. While I didn't really struggle with any of the code aspect of this assignment, I was unsure of the rationale behind some of the overriding. For example, I wasn't sure why the showOptions() method was necessary in the parent class if we were changing it in each of our child classes. I didn't run into much difficulty aside from this however. 